#Notes

Look into line priors bc wtf are those
    Why are some commented out?
    What can they affect in the fitting

What is the purpose of the different hdus here?

HDU = Header data unit

Finn Questions
Which files should we download from the COSMOS catalog?
    30mas (miliarcseconds) pixel scale, science and error in each one
Which column is the correct redshift?
Written record of the columns and what they mean
    ID nonsense: use obcode

Broad vs narrow lines
FWHM - go up to half the max value of a line, measure the distance and then use the euqation
1200 km/s 
find angstrum to km/s - figure out rest/oberserved wave length

FITS...help

Is the first portion of the example building a fits file????
qsopar.fits: is this a file where results or line priors are stored
Which 

PYQSOFIT
Luminosity return: use conti_result (ask Noah where? It's in place of somethingelse_result)

Fitting
    Find narrow/broad lines to choose a spectograph
    "Residual": be mostly around 0, is what is left after subtracting the other three things
        Three things: Ion? Iron? Affects the total luminosity of the spectra so you need to subtract it to get accurate luminosity for the AGN
    Goal is to get the error to go down

For later
    Plot the ratio of the black hole masses from different emission lines

6/8
JWST
    Using galight
    Creating 15x15 arcseconds cutouts of all of the subjects
    100kpc x 100kpc

    Test galight and run through example notebook
    Use COSMOS cutout server

Overall picture: need the sample size and 


Galight Questions
Dual AGN
    How does pyfits.getdata() get the psf from a fits file?
    How is a psf stored in a fits file?
    WCS - World Coordinate System

    What is the plot of?
    generate_target_materials is the bit that actually generates the image

    PSO = Physics of stellar objects

    Pls explain if these numbers are good or not
    Max iteration reached! Stopping.
    -3.5128751494429835 reduced X^2 of best position
    -14473.045615705092 log likelihood
    8240.0 effective number of data points

    Why is it computed twice? Is it computing both point sources?
    What are the three graphs plotting
        First one luminosity as you move away from the center of the point source?
    I don't think the point sources are subtracted here
    What is a Sersic Model? One instrinsic model intended to accurately represent parts of a galaxy (generalized and cannot account for all morphology components)


Paper things    
    Start with intro and methods
    Familiarize w/ pyqsofit today and start processing FITS tomorrow
    Have LOTS of questions for FITS 
    Figure out how to fit "better"

Pyqsofit
    When do we bring in black hole sources?

    Bring in 3 preliminary objects in SED classes as the first ones
    Find class 1, 2, 3
    Start w/ a class 1?

    Narrow lines are easier?
    Broad lines 

    Ez software: pyspeckit

    Flux: Measurement of how strong the light is at a certain point
        Wavelength/Flux graph: at a particular wavelength of light how strong is the light coming through?

    FITTing things
        Potential: ID 1237247, need to measure FWHM to see broad vs narrow line
        Potential: ID 317004
        Potential: ID 690116
        Potential: 717189
        Potential: 908478
        * Potential: 1110861
        * Potential: 1161061
        * Potential: 1213741


        Interestign to look at later: ID 392319, lots of potential absorbtion lines, absorbtion at Hb and Mg II
            Also ID 422400


** HELP SECTION
        Need to work on interpreting results
        Is the results file overwritten every time or is a new HDU appended? How to append data files?

        Fixed set of lines for every source
        Filter based on redshift if the lines can actually be fit
            Alter the line priors files?
        Separate Hb and NII lines
        Tie the parameters, some are fixed and some are related

        Get broad lines over narrow lines
        Hb
        Mg II
        C IV (May never see it, play with the wavelength)
        C III (Ask Steph if it can be used)

        Learn about AGN unification paradigm - Meg
            Polarization in AGN

        Ratio of narrow line methods to correct both

*** TO DO
        Figure out to tie/limit parameters, try to tie as many as possible
            Make some dependent of others
            OIII 3 to 1 ratio
            Hb_na and Hb_br set width w/ 1200km/s
        Where is FWHM?
            kwargs????

        Test with a variety of redshift/SED class

        Limit the range of voffset
        Add the new csv to the data file

        Core/Wing components
        OIII max of 1000km/s
        MgII as broad as it wants, just play with the widths



